And the Dharma level, we have this place, is an excellent qualification of the prayer,
the Phukukri retreat in the teaching. I think whenever you know that, really, this is so
part of the hermitage place. And what in the teaching says the great master, master of materials
in Sotr Alankara teaching, says the practitioner, smart one, where you should place, choose the
place,
where you're going to place, place. The place that should have qualification or the easy to get
your necessary things, the necessary things, the food, the clothes, the water, those easy.
And Pima Samhainen says, all is ready, ready then. And then, next one is what, says perfect places.
What that means in the teaching is what perfect place means, there's not many kind of like,
violence going on, not going in the violence. During the daytime and the night time, there's
nothing also kind of like the violence or something, the animal, wild animals, the beast,
and all that. It's not a problem. So that is really called perfect place. And then place where,
next one is perfect location place. That is perfect place where you cannot get sick. Some areas,
even though it looks like nice, but sometimes the kind of area give you health troubles.
This place is not really perfect. And then third one, one is, is then, or third or fourth one,
is then place where you have the many Sangha members, friends, that who has similar conduct,
similar view, similar area of practicing. So there is always help, help and support.
Those are the really characteristics of the hermitage said by Buddha Chaturmani. And that's
summarized by the great master, Maitire. So the Pima Samhale has that really, those all called
attests. And so I really like to encourage it. I think it's really good. As Lama Rakhwa said,
the truth, when we see some people doing retreat, they come here. This is, there's more people
coming,
but it's kind of nice. It's nice. They're using that, particularly those who are now kind of like
retired, the baby boomers, we all in the way retired. So maybe they really use the time,
kind of like a short time, even just for one month or two months or three weeks, they do
really retreat. It's good. We've been talking that long time and now it's a really good time to be,
be kind of quiet and peaceful and confident in a progress or inner strength. I think it's just
wonderful. I like to encourage that. Also the land formation. Yeah, land formation is also really
good. In Pima you say, always this has a land. It really has beautiful formation, beautiful
formation,
those explaining, according astrologically explaining that this has all those beautiful,
kind of call it is the east, east and south and west, the north, all these and then middle of this
is like, kind of like lotus blooming land. Those are astrology. What's it called? Pong Chai. Pong
Chai.
Pong Chai, really in the big level, Pong Chai explaining Pong Chai, explaining this is it. So
this Pima Samhain is in the middle of the, kind of that lotus blooming land. Also sometimes the
teacher says the place there looks like very kind of majestic settlement and place there looks that
kind of like, almost like Buddha meditating, Buddha meditating right on the the lap of the Buddha
for life in this form of the Buddha. If you practice very daily, it has very good energy,
it will stabilize that and this land has really like that a little bit because this dome is all
slough and this where we have stupa side is the lap and this where the Pima Samhain the temple
is like this one and the top up this then Buddha's kind of in a way upper part of the body which is
still kind of like maybe about 800 feet to go up or maybe something. The ultra weight is 2000 feet
I think up top there so maybe 800 or 500 feet to go up. So this is really in the meditation state
this kind of formation is really very good and then all this the lush vegetations and formation
the mountain all that really you said that and it's quite good quite good so all those that
but Buddha the great methodist thought that it this is really has all those we call it and
that is also blessed by now so many great masters one after another really came
and the great master Sajjak's general his only general really a carnationist and his wife and
the better which is his own is better and the star of the temple room and of course they now all
and ten more far enough many great master new masters and they came and the god new master's truth
really came here came here and blessed that so this is really quite good and thank you everyone
Thank you.